Adds ethAddress type (#1452)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/src/blockchain-development/hashing_and_cryptography.md

```sway
{{#include ../../../examples/signatures/src/main.sw}}
```

> Note: Recovery of consensus layer addresses (e.g. 20-byte Ethereum addresses) is also supported via modules in `std::vm`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** Recovery of EVM addresses is also supported via `std::vm::evm`.
```
